ASSIGNMENT.md, before:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? What is one change that would have made it easier?
> Answer goes here!


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
> Answer goes here!


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
> Answer goes here!

Commit message:

inline and function comments in the code, examples for all of the public methods, the assignment.js file completely filled out

ASSIGNMENT.md, after:

# Module Documentation

The below questions should be answered (in detail!) regarding your submission.

##### 1. Reflect on how you "learned" to use the library and write the examples, c.f the "Unfamiliar APIs" reading. What is one aspect of the module's code that made is easy to understand? What is one change that would have made it easier?
> I learned how to use the library and write the example by looking at the code and just line by line seeing what was happening in conjunction with the minimal api documentation found in the readme on the github page. The api documentation made it easier to understand what was going on. It would've been easier if the author put in some inline comments in the js file to highlight what some of the more messier code did.


##### 2. Consider the process of writing comments that "raise the level of abstraction." What does this mean to you? If you had to explain to a new CS142 student how to write an effective comment, what would you say? #####
> To me, this means give the reader a "higher level" description of what's going on, instead of focusing on the internal workings of how the code actually works. I would describe this to a new CS142 student with an example of how it's kind of like how you don't tell a person EVERY little thing you've done today when someone asks "how are you?".


##### 3. Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment? #####
> It took me around two hours to complete this assignment.


##### 4. Did you receive help from any other sources (classmates, etc)? If so, please list who (be specific!). #####
> I didn't recieve any extra help outside of the assignment documentation.


##### 5. Did you encounter any problems in this assignment we should warn students about in the future? How can we make the assignment better? #####
> There wasn't anything in particular that I felt warrants a warning. I thought the assignment was fine exactly the way it was - if a person doing it had their hand held too much I feel like it wouldn't be as genuine of a learning experience.
